src/pages/index.md, before:

---
title: Overview - Cat Analytics
description: This is the overview page of Cat Analytics
contributors:
  - https://github.com/icaraps 
---

<Hero slots="heading, text"/> 

# Cat Analytics API

Cat Product API offers limitless ways to integrate your most important customer data into key business processes. Cat Product API offer limitless ways.

<Resources slots="heading, links"/>

#### Resources

* [Quickstart Guide](https://developer.adobe.com)
* [Cat Analytics Github Repo](https://github.com/AdobeDocs/dev-site)

## Overview

This documentation provides instructions for Catt Analytics 2.0 APIs. For working with Cat Analytics APIs, see [Cat Analytics API Documentation](https://github.com/AdobeDocs/dev-site).

The Cat Analytics APIs are a collection of APIs that power Cat Analytics products like Cat Workspace. 
The APIs allow for the creation of data rich user interfaces that you can use to manipulate and integrate data.
You can also create reports to explore, get insights, or answer important questions about your data.

## Discover 

<DiscoverBlock width="100%" slots="heading, link, text"/>

### Get Started

[Quickstart Guide](guides/)
    
Get started with the Cat Analytics APIs.

<DiscoverBlock slots="heading, link, text"/> 

### Guides

[Calculated Metrics API](guides/calculated_metrics_api/) 
     
Returns information on the user's company that is necessary for making other Cat Analytics API calls.

<DiscoverBlock slots="link, text"/>

[Segments API](guides/segments_api/) 

Provides configuration guidance and best practices for the /segments endpoint.

<DiscoverBlock slots="link, text"/>

[Reporting Guide API](guides/reporting_api/)

Provides configuration guidance and best practices for the /reports endpoint.

<DiscoverBlock slots="link, text"/>

[Migrating from 1.4 to 2.0](guides/migrating/)

For help migrating from the 1.4 versions of the Analytics API to the newer and more capable /reports API.   

<DiscoverBlock width="100%" slots="heading, link, text"/>

### API References

[Try the API](api/) 

Try the Analytics API with Swagger UI. Explore, make calls, with full endpoint descriptions.

## Contributing 

We encourage you to participate in our open documentation initiative, if you have suggestions, corrections, additions 
or deletions for this documentation, check out the source from [this github repo](https://github.com/adobe/gatsby-theme-spectrum-example), and submit a pull 
request with your contribution. For more information, refer to the [contributing page](support/contribute/).

## API Requests & Rate Limits

The timeout for API requests through adobe.io is currently *60 seconds*.

The default rate limit for an Cat Analytics Company is *120 requests per minute*. (The limit is enforced as *12 requests every 6 seconds*).
When rate limiting is being enforced you will get `429` HTTP response codes with the following response body: `{"error_code":"429050","message":"Too many requests"}`

Commit message:

Add a holding location for whitepapers (#6)
Provide a place for whitepapers to live in this website and include an
example. Most of the existing "Cat Analytics" template remains and will
be removed in a future PR.

src/pages/index.md, after:

---
title: Overview - STLab
description: This is the overview page of STLab
contributors:
  - https://github.com/icaraps 
---

<Hero slots="heading, text"/> 

# Software Technology Lab (STLab)

Adobe's Software Technology Lab team has a mission to improve the code developers write. It does so through education, tooling, libraries, and research.

<Resources slots="heading, links"/>

#### Resources

* [Whitepapers](whitepapers/)
* [Cat Analytics Github Repo](https://github.com/AdobeDocs/dev-site)

## Overview

This documentation provides instructions for Catt Analytics 2.0 APIs. For working with Cat Analytics APIs, see [Cat Analytics API Documentation](https://github.com/AdobeDocs/dev-site).

The Cat Analytics APIs are a collection of APIs that power Cat Analytics products like Cat Workspace. 
The APIs allow for the creation of data rich user interfaces that you can use to manipulate and integrate data.
You can also create reports to explore, get insights, or answer important questions about your data.

## Discover 

<DiscoverBlock width="100%" slots="heading, link, text"/>

### Get Started

[Quickstart Guide](guides/)
    
Get started with the Cat Analytics APIs.

<DiscoverBlock slots="heading, link, text"/> 

### Guides

[Calculated Metrics API](guides/calculated_metrics_api/) 
     
Returns information on the user's company that is necessary for making other Cat Analytics API calls.

<DiscoverBlock slots="link, text"/>

[Segments API](guides/segments_api/) 

Provides configuration guidance and best practices for the /segments endpoint.

<DiscoverBlock slots="link, text"/>

[Reporting Guide API](guides/reporting_api/)

Provides configuration guidance and best practices for the /reports endpoint.

<DiscoverBlock slots="link, text"/>

[Migrating from 1.4 to 2.0](guides/migrating/)

For help migrating from the 1.4 versions of the Analytics API to the newer and more capable /reports API.   

<DiscoverBlock width="100%" slots="heading, link, text"/>

### API References

[Try the API](api/) 

Try the Analytics API with Swagger UI. Explore, make calls, with full endpoint descriptions.

## Contributing 

We encourage you to participate in our open documentation initiative, if you have suggestions, corrections, additions 
or deletions for this documentation, check out the source from [this github repo](https://github.com/adobe/gatsby-theme-spectrum-example), and submit a pull 
request with your contribution. For more information, refer to the [contributing page](support/contribute/).

## API Requests & Rate Limits

The timeout for API requests through adobe.io is currently *60 seconds*.

The default rate limit for an Cat Analytics Company is *120 requests per minute*. (The limit is enforced as *12 requests every 6 seconds*).
When rate limiting is being enforced you will get `429` HTTP response codes with the following response body: `{"error_code":"429050","message":"Too many requests"}`
